RHDEVDOCS-3556 - RN Z-Stream Updates (#43066)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-release-notes-5.2.z.adoc

//Z-stream Release Notes by Version
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-2-8"]
= OpenShift Logging 5.2.8

This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:0728[RHSA-2022:0728 OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.2.8]

[id="openshift-logging-5-2-8-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, the logging link in OpenShift WebConsole remained after the removal of an instance of OpenShift Logging. With this update, the removal or uninstallation of logging also removes the link. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2180[LOG-2180])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if you removed OpenShift Logging from {product-title}, the web console continued displaying the *Logging* link. With this update, removing or uninstalling OpenShift Logging also removes the link. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2180[LOG-2180])
```

[id="openshift-logging-5-2-8-CVEs"]
== CVEs
.Click to expand CVEs
[%collapsible]
====

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2020-28491[CVE-2020-28491]

Reviewer 2: I don't have permissions to view this page.

Author: Tested in an alternate browser not logged in, displayed properly.

** link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1930423[BZ-1930423]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-0552[CVE-2022-0552]

Reviewer 2: I don't have permissions to view this page.

Author: Tested in an alternate browser not logged in, displayed properly.

** link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2052539[BG-2052539]
====

[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-2-7"]
= OpenShift Logging 5.2.7

This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:0478[RHBA-2022:0478 OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.2.7]

[id="openshift-logging-5-2-7-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, Elasticsearch pods failed to start after updating to OpenShift-logging 5.2.3-31 with FIPS enabled. With this update, Elasticsearch pods start successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2000[LOG-2000])

Reviewer: Do  you mean `elasticsearch-operator.5.2.3-31` or "OpenShift Logging 5.2.3"?

Reviewer: Was it specific to only that version, or did the issue apply to "<name of thing> 5.2.3 and later"? In other words, would it be more correct to say:
```suggestion
* Before this update, with <whatever item> <version number> and later, the Elasticsearch pods failed to start when FIPS was enabled. With this update, the Elasticsearch pods start successfully. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2000[LOG-2000])
```

> * Before this update, elasticsearch generated the error "Unable to create PersistentVolumeClaim due to forbidden: exceeded quota: infra-storage-quota." if the PVC already existed. With this update, elasticsearch checks for existing PVCs, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2118[LOG-2118])

Reviewer 2: This par contains two instances of the lower-case 'elasticsearch', which makes me wonder if these need to be upper-case as in the prev par.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, elasticsearch generated the error "Unable to create PersistentVolumeClaim due to forbidden: exceeded quota: infra-storage-quota." if the PVC already existed. With this update, Elasticsearch checks for existing PVCs, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2118[LOG-2118])
```

> * Before this update, elasticsearch generated the error "Unable to create PersistentVolumeClaim due to forbidden: exceeded quota: infra-storage-quota." if the PVC already existed. With this update, elasticsearch checks for existing PVCs, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2118[LOG-2118])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, Elasticsearch generated an error, "Unable to create PersistentVolumeClaim due to forbidden: exceeded quota: infra-storage-quota." if a persistent volume claim (PVC) already existed. With this update, Elasticsearch checks for existing PVCs, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2118[LOG-2118])
```

[id="openshift-logging-5-2-7-CVEs"]
== CVEs
.Click to expand CVEs
[%collapsible]
====
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-3521[CVE-2021-3521]

> * link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-3872[CVE-2021-3872]

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/159023519-8ae16f00-7117-4de4-add8-7e397cde14e3.png)

Author: Might have been a localized browser issue, I checked the links in a browser not logged in with any RH creds & they worked.

* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-3984[CVE-2021-3984]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-4019[CVE-2021-4019]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-4122[CVE-2021-4122]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-4155[CVE-2021-4155]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-4192[CVE-2021-4192]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2021-4193[CVE-2021-4193]
* link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2022-0185[CVE-2022-0185]

> ====

Reviewer 2: I'm looking at the rendered file view of this file on GitHub, and starting with line 78, it renders the following:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78564304/159026407-74253b64-2a46-444e-9989-d943099e28b1.png)
